# Privacy Policy

Effective date: February 2, 2023

**Here are some important definitions to help you understand our terms and this Privacy Policy:**

- VmedStudio and our relevant affiliates are referred to as **“VmedStudio"**, **”Vmed Studio"**, **“we”**, **“us”**, and **“our”**.
- Our mobile application AI Artwork is referred to as **“AI Artwork”** or **“application”**.
- Users are referred to as **“users”**, **“you”** or **“your”**, as applicable.
- Your use of the applications (including downloading, installing, registering with, accessing, or otherwise using it) is referred to as **“Use”**.
- To the extent information is: (i) associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and (ii) protected as personal data under applicable data protection laws, such information is referred to in this Privacy Policy as **“Personal Data”**.


## 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT

We may collect several types of information, including but not limited to Personal Data, from and about you:
- Directly from you when you provide it to us.
- Automatically when you Use AI Artwork. Information collected automatically may include Usage details and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses.
- From third parties, for example, our Service Providers (as defined below).


## 2. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US DIRECTLY

 - Your email: When you create an account with AI Artwork, we ask you to provide your email that will be further used for your sign-in process.
 - If you contact us, records, copies of your correspondence with us and contact details that you have provided us while making your inquiries (such as your name, postal addresses, email addresses and phone numbers or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline), in order to investigate your concerns, respond to your inquiries and to monitor and improve our responses to your and other ssers inquiries in relation to AI Artwork.


## 3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY

When you Use AI Artwork, we may automatically collect certain data about you. This data is needed for operation of application and, among others, may be used for in-app analytics or marketing purposes. The data we collect automatically includes:

 - **Device information**: Information about your mobile device and internet connection, including your IP address, the device’s unique device identifier, operating system, and mobile network information.
 - **Usage details**: Details of your Use of AI Artwork, including frequency of Use, areas and features of the application that you access and engagement with particular features. This information is used for in-app event analytics and, upon your consent, for marketing purposes.
 - **(If you have provided your consent) IDFA or Android Advertising ID**, whichever is applicable to your device. If you want to disable the collection of IDFA and/or Android Advertising ID by AI Artwork, please follow the instructions below.

    **If you use an iOS device:**
    1. Go to Privacy settings to see a list of apps that request to track your activity. On iPhone or iPad, go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking.
    2. Tap to turn off or turn on permission to track for AI Artwork.

    **If you use an Android device:**
    1. Open Settings app
    2. Navigate to “Privacy” > “Ads”
    3. Tap “Delete Advertising ID”  
    4. Tap it again on the next page to confirm.

**The technologies we use for automatic data collection may include:**

We use third-party analytics tools, such as Google Firebase to help us measure traffic and usage trends for AI Artwork. These tools collect information via third-party analytics software development kits incorporated into AI Artwork, which includes your actions in application and basic information about the type of subscription you have. We collect and use this analytics information in an aggregated manner with analytics information from other ssers so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular user. For information on how third party analytics tools collect and process your data and to opt out of such collection and processing, generated by your Use of AI Artwork, please contact us at _vmedstudio@gmail.com_.
 
 
## 4. THE PURPOSES AND OUR LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use your information other than photos and videos for the following purposes:

 - To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us in relation to AI Artwork (e.g., the Terms of Use).
 - To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries. If you share your Personal Data (including your name and contact information) to ask a question about AI Artwork, we will use that Personal Data to investigate your concerns, respond to your inquiries and to monitor and improve our responses to your and other users inquiries in relation to AI Artwork. It is our legitimate interest to provide you with high-quality support.
 - To notify you about changes to AI Artwork or any products or services we offer or provide through AI Artwork, including by sending you technical notices, notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages, which we may send through an in-app or a push notification (you may opt-out of push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device). It is our legitimate interest to keep you updated on your use of AI Artwork.
 - To present to you and others with AI Artwork and its contents and any other information, products or services that you request from us. We do so to provide you with the services according to our contractual obligation.
 - To monitor aggregated metrics such as total number of users, traffic, and demographic patterns (including via Service Providers as specified in Section 5). It is our legitimate interest to make aggregated analytics of our audience as it helps us understand our business metrics and improve our product.
 - To provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of AI Artwork in an aggregated manner. It is our legitimate interest to make analytics of our audience as it helps us understand our product and business metrics.
 - To provide personalized content and information to you in relation to AI Artwork, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing (including via email). We do so upon your explicit consent.
 - Upon users’ consent, for marketing purposes in order to find audiences similar to our users. For this processing we share, among others, users’ Use details and device information with our third-party advertising partners.
 - In any other way, as described in this Privacy Policy.
 
We will not process your Personal Data in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or authorized by you in accordance with this Section 5 or collect any Personal Data that is not required for the mentioned purposes (“purpose limitation principle”).

For any new purpose of processing that is not compatible with any of the purposes mentioned above, we will ask for your separate explicit consent.

To the extent necessary for any of the processing purposes, we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and current. We also undertake to collect only such amount and types of your Personal Data that are strictly required for the purposes mentioned in this Section 5 (“data minimization principle”).


## 5. SHARING OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
We do not rent or sell your Personal Data, including photos and videos, to any third parties outside the Company or its Affiliates (as defined below).

**Parties with whom we may share your Personal Data.**

We may share your Personal Data with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that we are part of, including our parent company. The parent company acts as our data processors and may perform data processing on our behalf (e.g., providing technical support or conducting analytics). Such parent company is bound by appropriate contractual safeguards in place.

Our parent company are:
VinBigdata Jsc, based in Hanoi, Vietnam.

We also may share your Personal Data, and other collected information with third-party organizations such as contractors and service providers that we use to support our business and who are bound by confidentiality and data protection terms (consistent with this Privacy Policy) to keep your Personal Data confidential use it only based on our instructions (“**Service Providers**”).

Such Service Providers include:

 - Third-party analytics, as specified in this Privacy Policy,
 - Email delivery services, and
 - Third-party advertising partners. Upon your consent, we send some of your Personal Data (e.g., your device information) for marketing and promotional purposes to our advertising partners (e.g., Google Admob). By these means, we are able to reach you and people like you on various platforms.

**What happens in the event of a change of control**. If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of the Company or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your Personal Data and any other collected information may be among the items sold or transferred.

**Responding to legal requests and preventing harm**. We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena), government or regulatory request if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal, government or regulatory requests from jurisdictions where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: (i) detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; (ii) protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and (iii) prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.


## 6. DATA SECURITY

We use reasonable and appropriate information security safeguards to help keep the collected information secure and to secure it from accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your collected information, we cannot guarantee the security of the collected information transmitted to or through AI Artwork or an absolute guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. Any transmission of your collected information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the circumvention of security measures contained in AI Artwork. Please understand that there is no ideal technology or measure to maintain 100% security. Among others, we utilize the following information security measures:

 - Encryption of your Personal Data in transit and in rest.
 - All collected information is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
 - Organizational and legal measures. For example, our employees and employees of our parent company have different levels of access to your Personal Data and only those in charge of data management get access to your Personal Data and only for limited purposes required for the operation of AI Artwork. We impose strict liability on such employees for any disclosures, unauthorized accesses, alterations, destructions and misuse of your Personal Data.
Conducting periodical data protection impact assessments in order to ensure that the Company fully adheres to the principles of “privacy by design”, “privacy by default” and others. We also commit to undertake a privacy audit in case of the Company's merger or takeover.

The safety and security of your information also depend on you. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the social media services, through which you may share your photos and videos. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.

**Security breaches**: If we learn of a security systems breach, we may either post a notice, or attempt to notify you by email (if it was provided) and will take reasonable steps to remedy the breach as specified in applicable law and this Privacy Policy. If we learn of a potential Personal Data breach, together with other actions referred to in the Privacy Policy, we will also undertake particular actions to remedy the breach as appropriate under the circumstances, which may include, logging you out from all the devices, resetting a password (sending a temporary password for you to apply) and performing other reasonably necessary activities and actions.

If you want to report a security incident related to AI Artwork, please contact us at _vmedstudio@gmail.com_.


## 7. CHILDREN

General age limitation. AI Artwork is not intended for or directed at children under 6, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 6 or knowingly allow such persons to Use AI Artwork. If you are under 6, do not: (i) Use or provide any information in AI Artwork or through any of its features, or (ii) provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. In the event that we learn that we have collected or received any Personal Data from a child under 6 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 6, please contact us (for contact information, please, see How to Contact Us Section).


## 8. OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES

We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from AI Artwork, including the information or content contained within them. Where we have a link to a website or service, linked to or from AI Artwork, we encourage you to read the privacy policy stated on that website or service before providing information on or through it.


## 9. HOW TO CONTACT US, VIETNAM REPRESENTATIVE, AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
General contact details. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or AI Artwork, please contact us via email at _vmedstudio@gmail.com_.

Appointed Vietnam representative. If you are a resident of Vietnam and you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or AI Artwork, please contact us via email at _vmedstudio@gmail.com_ or at our Vietnam representative mailing address:

VinBigdata Jsc

9th Floor, Century Tower, Times city, 458 Minh Khai, Hai Ba Trung District, Hanoi, Vietnam

Email: _info@vinbigdata.com_

Data protection officer. If you are a resident of Hanoi and you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or AI Artwork, you can contact our data protection officer via email at _vmedstudio@gmail.com_.


## 10. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is indicated at the top of the page. The Company may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Some changes do not require your consent: for example, when we add a new purpose of processing that is compatible with the existing purposes, or the new processing activity that falls under the users’ reasonable expectation. However, if the changes made may pose risk to your rights and freedoms (e.g., by including a new purpose of the processing that is not compatible with the existing purposes of processing, a new legal basis, a new category of personal data to be collected or a new data subject, all of which are not reasonably expected by the users, we will ask for your consent to those changes separately from this Policy. If you did not receive a request for your consent to the changes or refused to give consent, those changes will not apply to you. That fact can negatively affect some of AI Artwork services provided to you in case those services inevitably include consent to the changes.
